[DOCS-1453] Docs for run status change automations (#1329)
wandb/docs: content/guides/core/automations/create-automations/slack.md

{{% tab "Project" %}}
A W&B admin can create automations in a project.

1. Log in to W&B and go to the project page.
1. In the sidebar, click **Automations**, then click **Create automation**. From here you can create an automation for a run metric or a run status change.

    From a line plot in a workspace, you can quickly create an automation for a [run metric]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/automation-events.md#run-events" >}}) for the metric it shows. Hover over the panel, then click the bell icon at the top of the panel.
    {{< img src="/images/automations/run_metric_automation_from_panel.png" alt="Illustration showing the location of the automation bell icon" >}}

>     You can create a run status automation only from the **Automations** page, not from a workspace. Run status is a property of the entire run, not a single metric. To learn more, refer to [Run events]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations/automation-events.md#run-events" >}}).

Reviewer: ❤️

Reviewer: okay, now that I'm re-reading this, I'm realizing that I really like this paragraph, but it is very odd on the slack and webhook pages - it really belongs on the event page. Also, looking at the events page, I'm not sure what more they would learn from reading the run events page :) 

This whole paragraph is just about run status automations, and doesn't have anything to do with slack/webhook actions.

{{% tab "Project" %}}
A W&B admin can create automations in a project.

> 1. Log in to W&B and go to the project page.

Author: PTAL

{{% tab "Project" %}}
A W&B admin can create automations in a project.

1. Log in to W&B and go to the project page.

> 1. In the sidebar, click **Automations**, then click **Create automation**. For a run metric, you can instead create an automation from a line plot for the metric. Hover over the panel, then click the bell icon at the top of the panel.

Reviewer 2: Similar comment here, "Run metric" seems to imply a metric about that run object itself, not the stuff we are logging to it.

```suggestion
1. In the sidebar, click **Automations**, then click **Create automation**. For a metric, you can instead create an automation from a line plot that shows the metric. Hover over the panel, then click the bell icon at the top of the panel.
```

Author: I can't spot the change your suggestion is making.
